Hello and welcome last
play metin2 de prais as announced
We are now trying Queen's father
ii times to pay attention
who has the boni scene ten grid 5 db
and five we slow down here
Bit accurate was super
also there
with the recording and yes I would say
We then catch simply times on the matter after
so prosieben and broken was clearly again
try on six too was broken
and come on +5 worked
+6 failed +5 failed los six failed
+5 failed that's handy here
again denied what is on the right at the
a solution for her down
ayda is already +1 without mist now
thought
prof
the really + 0 solution again
underbid again is not where
not fixed so far there is yes
no longer come flags the field
shit now a scroll of
Drawn on it
but again +2 now
+3 plus 454 does not work really well
just
all the scrolls of the kite
I still believe in the Easter event
Here we come again
heart out
or it is not there I know
where are they coming out ok it works
not really here
it does not really work
is already coming back +4 +34
the saw is here drobil revier
2 what is this the appearance of the
was without mist twelve times +8 boni
he went to 9 you see
probably just why because he
just shit i think i am
he'll pull some new ones here again
on it
Yes, we'll meet again soon
Welcome back we have here
a few siggis refreshed
it is not really good right now
Just try it again
direction +5 and did not work +6 me
but certainly not again
he can still hey you but he
of course not plex try helper
white pearls out here
bas plus what's up here he got on everyone
fall a few more
core left complus eight cup tower
Of course not prosieben ever comes
but of course not here
fucking piss
It is a
now pecher only a tenant me the thing
had already excited the globes even
not 56 again
to 5
it does not go really well
make the cheap attempt on +7
making where it even works coming
Of course you would not skating
curse this fan as well as
yes, there are people who see tina ten
it needs +9 I have here now
some white pearls spent
I can only see that, but I have to
be good first
+6 Of course not, well, there must first
times for the part later if you
In any case, keep trying the
to pay attention
and yes we are and bit again later
than ever